docs: document back-migration known limitations (#3613)
near/mpc: docs/migration-service.md

> **Implementation Strategy**: Similar to MPC nodes, the backup service will first be developed as a standalone application that uses mocked attestations. This allows development and testing of the blockchain interface, contract monitoring, and automatic backup/recovery flows in a controlled environment. Once the core functionality is stable, the service can be migrated into a TEE with real attestations.

## Known Limitations

> The current back-migration flow (a node returning to the participant set after being migrated out, i.e. A → B → A) has two known limitations:

Author: Moved to after `## Materials` in 7e43ddd7.

> 1. **The returning node must be restarted between the forward and back migrations.** The onboarding state machine in the migration service exits on first `OnboardingJob::Done` and drops the keyshare-import receiver. A node returning to the participant set therefore needs to be restarted between the forward and back directions so the migration service rebinds the receiver before the second round of keyshares can be PUT.

Reviewer: This is a bit verbose and low-level, can we give a high-level explanation of why a restart is necessary?

Author: Rewrote at a higher level in 7e43ddd7 — dropped the `OnboardingJob`/receiver internals, now framed as "the migration service is designed for a single onboarding cycle and does not re-initialize for a subsequent migration without a restart."

> 2. **The returning node must have a valid on-chain attestation.** Before the contract finalizes a back-migration, it validates the destination node's TEE attestation. If the attestation has expired or been revoked while the node was out of the participant set, the contract will not accept the migration. Attestation freshness must be ensured before initiating the back direction.

Author: I have open issue for both. but wasn't sure if they should be linked here or not.

Reviewer: Won't this be taken care of with a node restart?

Author: do you mean the fresh attestation? or the PR fix you are reviewing?

Author: Yes, in practice. Added a note in both docs to make the coupling explicit: the restart forces a fresh attestation submission, so limitation 1 satisfies this in most cases. Kept it as a separate bullet so the contract-side validation is still documented (and the edge case where someone has been alive throughout but their attestation lapsed is covered).

Reviewer: > I have open issue for both. but wasn't sure if they should be linked here or not.

oh, sorry, forgot about this. Yes, if the issues will resolve this and render some of this documentation obsolete, then I would link them, such that it gets catched by our CI.

NIST SP 800-56A https://csrc.nist.gov/pubs/sp/800/56/a/r3/final
https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/SpecialPublications/NIST.SP.800-56Ar3.pdf - page 105 - 106

## Known Limitations

The current back-migration flow (a node returning to the participant set after being migrated out, i.e. A → B → A) has two known limitations:

> 1. **The returning node must be restarted between the forward and back migrations.** The migration service is designed for a single onboarding cycle and does not re-initialize for a subsequent migration without a restart. The restart also forces a fresh on-chain attestation submission, which feeds into limitation 2.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
1. **The returning node must be restarted between the forward and back migrations.** The migration service is designed for a single onboarding cycle and does not re-initialize for a subsequent migration without a restart. The restart also forces a fresh on-chain attestation submission, which resolves the second limitation outlined below.
```
